---
layout: single
title: Christmas 2022
last_modified_at: 2022-12-26
categories: lightshow
tags: Christmas
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/posts/2022-10-25/christmas.jpg
  overlay_filter: 0.5
  teaser: /assets/images/posts/2022-10-25/christmas.jpg
excerpt: Bringing a little extra joy to your season!
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
---

## Show Videos

2022 was our second year of putting on our Christmas light show for our friends and neighbors. It was great to have so many visitors. We're really glad so many of you were able to enjoy it. 

I make it a point to not come outside and bother our guests while they're watching. But there were a few times when I ran into some while taking pictures, videos or fixing something that wasn't working just right. The warm feedback I received about the show... well, it makes it all worth it! Thank you!

In case you missed this year's show, parts of it, or just want to see it again, here are videos of most of what we played.

Note that the songs are listed here in alphabetical order. The actual show will play randomly with no repeats.

**All I Want for Christmas Is You** - *Mariah Carey*
{% include video id="Sm5JQn4hTv4" provider="youtube" %}

**Carol of the Bells / Christmas Eve (Sarajevo)** - *David Crowder Band*
{% include video id="RgJUOm6-CtE" provider="youtube" %}

**Carol of the Bells** - *Lindsey Stirling*
{% include video id="Fi06gKeqoGY" provider="youtube" %}

**Christmas Every Day** - *Simple Plan*
{% include video id="4PoI1JGL7HA" provider="youtube" %}

**Christmas in Hollis** - *Run DMC*
{% include video id="ig84VReq0oU" provider="youtube" %}

**Christmas Just Ain't Christmas** - *Idina Menzel*
{% include video id="E0FcgyGgbeY" provider="youtube" %}

**Circle of Life** - *Elton John (from **The Lion King**)*
{% include video id="_PZyKfrwDwE" provider="youtube" %}

**Cozy Little Christmas** - *Katy Perry*
{% include video id="APvK6sUjJb0" provider="youtube" %}

**Danger Zone** - *Kenny Loggins*

*This was our submission for the 2022 xLights Around the World community project.*
{% include video id="_8wpxYJwQC4" provider="youtube" %}

{% include video id="gMtjD3DDdXI" provider="youtube" %}

**Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas** - *Kermit the Frog*
{% include video id="0ai-95D-X_c" provider="youtube" %}

**Into the Unknown** - *Panic! at the Disco (from the **Frozen II**)*
{% include video id="apaOTRiVQi8" provider="youtube" %}

**O Blanca Navidad** - *La Oreja de Van Gogh*
{% include video id="aZv6yfsWg00" provider="youtube" %}

**Polar Express** - *Tom Hanks (from **Polar Express**)*
{% include video id="sY5KtDj7sqE" provider="youtube" %}

**Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer** - *Rosemary Clooney*
{% include video id="0Ag6I_xb554" provider="youtube" %}

**Santa Claus is Back in Town** - *Kurt Russell (from the **Christmas Chronicles**)*
{% include video id="6wgh3rlzozg" provider="youtube" %}

**Santa Claus is Coming to Town**
{% include video id="jXJzS9-kwTc" provider="youtube" %}

**Warmer in Winter** - *Lindsey Stirling*
{% include video id="5yHnKjDkGyc" provider="youtube" %}

**You Make it Feel Like Christmas** - *Gwen Stefani ft Blake Shelton*
{% include video id="M3AJfbgvvxM" provider="youtube" %}

**National MS Society & the 2023 Texas MS150**
{% include video id="Acy1r4LvtgY" provider="youtube" %}

## All About the Show

If you're interested in reading about how this was done, check out <a href="https://chadgoode.com/projects/lightshow/show-Info/">All About the Show</a>.

