---
layout: single
title: Halloween 2022
last_modified_at: 2022-09-24
categories: lightshow
tags: Halloween
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/posts/2022-09-27/halloween.jpg
  overlay_filter: 0.5
  teaser: /assets/images/posts/2022-09-27/halloween.jpg
excerpt: Our second Halloween light show 
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
---

## Light Show On-Demand

To start the show, text the word <b>GO</b> to the number diplayed on the screen scrolling across the garage door.

Early in the season when there isn't much traffic, rather than leave the entire show playing to no one, the show will play <b>on-demand</b>. When you visit, you'll see instructions with a phone number to text the trigger code that will start the show automatically. 

Watch as long as you want and leave when you've had enough. If you don't stick around to see the whole thing, come back some other time. The songs will play at random. So while you may see some repeats on your second or third visits, there's a good chance you'll see something you missed.

## Showtimes

> During all times below, when the full show is not actively playing, a single song will play at random every 15 minutes.

### Friday, Oct 1 - Thursday, Oct 27, 2022

The show is available <b>on-demand</b>:

* Sunday thru Thursday: From sunset until 9pm.
* Friday and Saturday: From sunset until 11pm.

> NOTE: A running show may go past the above end times. However, no one will be able to start the show again after that.

### Friday, Oct 28 - Sunday, Oct 30, 2022

The show will run continuously from sunset until 12am.

### Halloween Night, Monday, Oct 31

The final <i>planned</i> run will be Halloween night. The show will run continuously from sunset until 11pm. 

> The on-demand show <i>may</i> remain available a bit longer... until we start changing over for Thanksgiving & Christmas.

## Rules for Viewing

While you're waiting, and before you visit, this would be a good time to take a look at the <a href="/lightshow/the_rules/">Rules for Viewing</a>.

## The Playlist

This year's show consists of many favorites from 2021 plus a lot of new stuff.

> NOTE: This is alphabetical order. The show will play songs in a new random sequence generated each time it's run, with no repeats.

* **Addams Family Theme**
* **Beep Beep I'm a Sheep (Remix)** - *The Living Tombstone ft LilDeuceDeuce,TomSka & BlackGryph0n*
* **Calling all the Monsters** - *China Anne McClain*
* **Dead Man's Party** - *Oingo Boingo*
* **The Devil Went Down to Georgia** - *The Charlie Daniels Band (cover by Nickelback)*
* **Enter Sandman** - *Metallica*
* **Ghostbusters** - *Ray Parker, Jr.*
* **Halloween Kills Theme** - *John Carpenter, et al (from **Halloween**)*
* **Imperial March: You Don't Know the Power of the Dark Side (Remix)** - *from **Star Wars***
* **It's Halloween-lo-ween** - *Disney Parks Halloween Parade*
* **My Songs Know What You Did In The Dark (Light Em Up)** - *Fall Out Boy*
* **Monster Mash** - *Bobby "Borris" Pickett (cover by Geoff Castellucci)*
* **Pirates of the Caribbean (Mashup)** - *Hans Zimmer*
* **Red Light, Green Light** - *Mike Candy's Bootleg (from **Squid Games**)*
* **Spooky Scary Skeletons (Remix)** - *Andrew Gold (remixed by The Living Tombstone)*
* **Stranger Things (Main Title)**
* **Superstition** - *Stevie Wonder*
* **Thriller (Remix)** - *Michael Jackson (remixed by James Egbert)*
* **Queen of Mean/What's My Name (Mashup)** - *CLOUDxCITY Mashup (from Disney's **Descendants**)*
* **Walk the Dinosaur** - *Queen Latifah (from **Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs**)*
* **Zero** - *Imagine Dragons (from the **Ralph Breaks the Internet**)*

## All About the Show

If you're interested in reading about how this was done, check out <a href="https://chadgoode.com/projects/lightshow/show-Info/">All About the Show</a>.