---
layout: single
title: Regarding the Removal of Audio from the Light Show Videos
last_modified_at: 2022-11-25
categories: notices
tags: 
header:
#  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: 0.5
  overlay_image: /assets/images/splash/einstein-bike.jpg
#  teaser: /assets/images/posts/2022-09-27/halloween.jpg
excerpt: ""
toc: false
#toc_sticky: true
---

First, no, I wasn't approached by anyone or asked to take them down. 

You see... previously, I had uploaded my videos to YouTube, then embedded those videos into the holiday light show pages on this website. 

I use an ad blocker [uBlock Origin](https://ublockorigin.com) on all my own web browsers (and highly recommend you do too). This means I normally don't see any ads before watching videos on YouTube, so I had never really considered how my videos would be used for advertising. 

A short while ago I was helping a friend access my YouTube videos on their computer. I was really turned off by how many ads we had to watch, how long of a delay they introduced before getting to the videos and the products and services being advertised were nothing that I would support or recommend to anyone.

The more I thought about it, the more it irked me. 

In parallel to all this, with Twitter becoming a hate-filled refuge for racists, bigots and the worst of America, I quit and joined the [ActivityPub](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ActivityPub) [Fediverse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fediverse). As part of that move, I set up my own [PeerTube](https://joinpeertube.org/) instance, [ContinjaTube](https://tube.continja.com), to share my personal videos.

The issue with this is that one has to be more conscious of copyrights in this environment. You see, YouTube has 'deals' with the major music publishers. In exchange for the music publishers not constantly issuing DMCA take-down notices and not suing YouTube for every infringement, YouTube gives those publishers some or all of the ad revenue generated by the ads placed before videos containing their copyrighted music. This avenue isn't available to individuals who want to share on smaller video-sharing platforms that are not generating millions of dollars in advertising revenue.

Because I do respect an individual's right to their intellectual property and creative work, I've decided the best option, for now, is to remove the unlicensed music from the videos hosted on my server.

As a compromise, I will post videos from the show as I make them to my YouTube Channel, including the music. Then I will cross-post content that doesn't have any copyright restrictions to my PeerTube (removing much of the audio). 

From there, I'll leave it to the viewer to decide whether to view the restricted videos (with the ads) on YouTube or the unrestricted (but likely muted) versions on my server.